1. In the help pages, generate the explanations for the basic patterns in "Zung Jung Patterns" with images of example hands. Include images of example hands for the "Optional Patterns" too, but WITHOUT changing the existing descriptions for the four optional patterns. Finally, on the Bonus tile page, include images of all 8 bonus tiles in one row, right below the "Flowers and seasons ... to declare Mahjong" description and above the pattern descriptions. Make sure that hovering over these tile images do not highlight
See Review of the Pattenrns in Zung Jung.docx for the images
2. On tutorial hand 3, in the player's starting hand change one of the B3 and the B6 both to Green Dragons. Find another rigged wall to produce this outcome and report its serialization in tutorial-walls.txt
3. When the user times out from inactivity in the tutorial, currently the game takes them to the lobby screen. It should take them back to the help screen. Also, extend the inactivity timeout detection to fire at double the time it currently does
4. Audio sliders don't work at all on mobile, so currently there is no way for a mobile user to turn off BGM and SFX. Make the volume sliders fully adaptable for mobile, starting at 0 for mute and having all gradual steps just like on desktop
5. Claims voicing should apply when ANY player including opponent makes that claim, not just the bottom player
6. Oftentimes there is latency in the claims voicing, most notably on mobile. Minimize the latency, preferably to 0
7. For a hand scoring greater than 55 points (so >=56), upgrade the golden flashing hand area to a rainbow flashing hand area. Use a 7 color rainbow of red, orange, yellow, green, cyan, blue, and violet, with diagonal stripes 30 degrees from vertical, and instead of flashing all on and off at the same time like the golden flash, stagger the stripes so that 5 out of the 7 colors are visible at any time, starting with Red through Cyan, then Orange through Blue, then Yellow through Violet, then Green through Red, etc. Transition at 7x the speed of the golden flash
8. Add a feature to request additional thinking time by clicking in their quadrant of the central control panel as a player. When a player does so, their quadrant is outlined in a flashing golden highlight (similar to the flashing cyan highlight in the tutorial). If all four players do so, the thinking time for the current move is reset to 10 minutes or 600 seconds. This can only be done once per move since 10 minutes is already very long. Any bots in the game will automatically agree to do so once the first player clicks their quadrant, but must never initiate. Reset to normal thinking time when the current move has been completed either normally by discarding or other game action, or a natural timeout occured because not all players agreed to extend the thinking time. Disabled in the tutorial of course, which already has unlimited thinking time. 