1. Current behavior changes background perspective, at the end of a match when display pops up, on to a particular player (probably starting East). Update so the view does not change
2. In records, change so even for a self-drawn win, after MAHJONG include the tile name of the tile just drawn
3. Remove the optional patterns and bonus tiles from the first page of the help page
4. If the animation for drawing and setting aside a bonus tile is instant, make the logic so that it is not instant teleportation, even if the delay time is very small, like 0.1 second. Explicitly animate the process of setting aside the bonus tile and drawing from the dead wall, but do so very quickly
5. Currently the hands of all players are shifting ever so slightly after drawing a tile from the wall. This effect is most pronounced when playing with bonus tiles and the physical walls. It could have to do with constant updating regarding fitting within dimensions of the screen. Make all players' hands completely stable
6. Even if Blessing of Earth or rule of same round immunity occurs, still always have DEAL-IN 放銃 animate on the player who actually discarded the tile. The scoring screen will clear up responsibility of payment
The next changes are all about avoiding layout collisions when bonus tiles and physical walls are both in effect
7. Change the players' discard areas from 4x6 rectangles to 3x6 rectangles, but have extra discards past the first 18 tiles continue with the 3rd row, so the 19th tile is the 7th tile in the 3rd row, etc. This helps save space since the 3rd row never collides with the 1st column of the player to the relative right. Update the positioning of the discard areas so the "rectangles with a line jutting out" still form a windmill shape
8. Currently, position of opponent's bonus tiles can still potentially collide if their melds include a small exposed kong. Move their bonus tiles slightly inward so collision is no longer possible
9. Currently, if the opposite opponent's wall is not broken, their wall will collide with their bonus tiles. Thanks to change #7, all player's walls can not only be moved further inwards, but the absolute top edge of the wall of the left hand player can actually start close to the top of the screen to the absolute left of where the opposite opponent's drawn tile appears. Then, continue this pinwheel shape rotationally symmetrically around the table, leaving enough room for player's hands and the discard areas. This is actually similar to how the walls are arranged in real life
10. Currently, if the player has 6 or more bonus tiles set aside, the 6th will collide with the player's own wall. To avoid this collision, for the player only (not the opponents), start a new row of bonus tiles with the 5th one placed above the 1st, and so on
11. Stress test placement of player's hands by making everyone meld four Big Exposed Kongs. I expect either collision or going outside the screen. So whenever a Concealed Kong or Big Exposed Kong is made, if not the current behavior already that player's hand should start more towards the left so the place of the drawn tile from the wall stays the same
Layout collisions changes over
12. It is not the player's control panel that should flash golden when the player wins a big hand. Instead, it is the background of the player's hand and meld area that should flash golden, so update
13. Sometimes, there is a bug where even though the player exited, the game fails to properly end the game, causing a zombie process like state where the player is forced to watch their tiles get discarded but cannot make any input. Of lesser severity is sometimes when a player starts a game, their first move is stalled and they have to refresh the page at which point their first drawn tile is discarded. Investigate and fix these bugs